The opendir() function opens the directory named by filename, associates a directory
     stream with it and returns a pointer to be used to identify the directory stream in
     subsequent operations.  The pointer NULL is returned if filename cannot be accessed,
     or if it cannot malloc(3) enough memory to hold the whole thing, and sets the global
     variable errno to indicate the error.

     The fdopendir() function is equivalent to the opendir() function except that the
     directory is specified by a file descriptor fd rather than by a name.

     Upon successful return from fdopendir(), the file descriptor is under the control of
     the system, and if any attempt is made to close the file descriptor, or to modify the
     state of the associated description other than by means of closedir(), readdir(),
     readdir_r(), or rewinddir(), the behavior is undefined.  Upon calling closedir() the
     file descriptor is closed.  The FD_CLOEXEC flag is set on the file descriptor by a
     successful call to fdopendir().

     The readdir() function returns a pointer to the next directory entry.  It returns
     NULL upon reaching the end of the directory or on error.  In the event of an error,
     errno may be set to any of the values documented for the getdirentries(2) system
     call.  Note that the order of the directory entries vended by readdir() is not speci-
     fied. Some filesystems may return entries in lexicographic sort order and others may
     not.

     The readdir_r() function provides the same functionality as readdir(), but the caller
     must provide a directory entry buffer to store the results in.  If the read succeeds,
     result is pointed at the entry; upon reaching the end of the directory result is set
     to NULL.  The readdir_r() function returns 0 on success or an error number to indi-
     cate failure.

     The telldir() function returns the current location associated with the named
     directory stream.  Values returned by telldir() are good only for the lifetime of the
     DIR pointer, dirp, from which they are derived.  If the directory is closed and then
     reopened, prior values returned by telldir() will no longer be valid.

     The seekdir() function sets the position of the next readdir() operation on the
     directory stream.  The new position reverts to the one associated with the directory
     stream when the telldir() operation was performed.

     The rewinddir() function resets the position of the named directory stream to the
     beginning of the directory.

     The closedir() function closes the named directory stream and frees the structure
     associated with the dirp pointer, returning 0 on success.  On failure, -1 is returned
     and the global variable errno is set to indicate the error.

     The dirfd() function returns the integer file descriptor associated with the named
     directory stream, see open(2).  On failure, -1 is returned and the global variable
     errno is set to indicate the error.
     